# CreateUserRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**external_id** | Option<**String**> | The ID of the user as used in your external systems or your previous authentication solution. Must be unique across your instance. | [optional]
**first_name** | Option<**String**> | The first name to assign to the user | [optional]
**last_name** | Option<**String**> | The last name to assign to the user | [optional]
**email_address** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | Email addresses to add to the user. Must be unique across your instance. The first email address will be set as the user's primary email address. | [optional]
**phone_number** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | Phone numbers to add to the user. Must be unique across your instance. The first phone number will be set as the user's primary phone number. | [optional]
**web3_wallet** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | Web3 wallets to add to the user. Must be unique across your instance. The first wallet will be set as the user's primary wallet. | [optional]
**username** | Option<**String**> | The username to give to the user. It must be unique across your instance. | [optional]
**password** | Option<**String**> | The plaintext password to give the user. Must be at least 8 characters long, and can not be in any list of hacked passwords. | [optional]
**password_digest** | Option<**String**> | In case you already have the password digests and not the passwords, you can use them for the newly created user via this property. The digests should be generated with one of the supported algorithms. The hashing algorithm can be specified using the `password_hasher` property. | [optional]
**password_hasher** | Option<**String**> | The hashing algorithm that was used to generate the password digest. The algorithms we support at the moment are [bcrypt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bcrypt), [bcrypt_sha256_django](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.0/topics/auth/passwords/), md5, pbkdf2_sha256, [pbkdf2_sha256_django](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.0/topics/auth/passwords/), [phpass](https://www.openwall.com/phpass/), [scrypt_firebase](https://firebaseopensource.com/projects/firebase/scrypt/) and 2 [argon2](https://argon2.online/) variants, argon2i and argon2id. Each of the above expects the incoming digest to be of a particular format.  More specifically:  **bcrypt:** The digest should be of the following form:  `$<algorithm version>$<cost>$<salt & hash>`  **bcrypt_sha256_django:** This is the Django-specific variant of Bcrypt, using SHA256 hashing function. The format should be as follows (as exported from Django):  `bcrypt_sha256$$<algorithm version>$<cost>$<salt & hash>`  **md5:** The digest should follow the regular form e.g.:  `5f4dcc3b5aa765d61d8327deb882cf99`  **pbkdf2_sha256:** This is the PBKDF2 algorithm using the SHA256 hashing function. The format should be as follows:  `pbkdf2_sha256$<iterations>$<salt>$<hash>`  Note: Both the salt and the hash are expected to be base64-encoded.  **pbkdf2_sha256_django:** This is the Django-specific variant of PBKDF2 and the digest should have the following format (as exported from Django):  `pbkdf2_sha256$<iterations>$<salt>$<hash>`  Note: The salt is expected to be un-encoded, the hash is expected base64-encoded.  **pbkdf2_sha1:** This is similar to pkbdf2_sha256_django, but with two differences: 1. uses sha1 instead of sha256 2. accepts the hash as a hex-encoded string  The format is the following:  `pbkdf2_sha1$<iterations>$<salt>$<hash-as-hex-string>`  **phpass:** Portable public domain password hashing framework for use in PHP applications. Digests hashed with phpass have the following sections:  The format is the following:  `$P$<rounds><salt><encoded-checksum>`  - $P$ is the prefix used to identify phpass hashes. - rounds is a single character encoding a 6-bit integer representing the number of rounds used. - salt is eight characters drawn from [./0-9A-Za-z], providing a 48-bit salt. - checksum is 22 characters drawn from the same set, encoding the 128-bit checksum with MD5.  **scrypt_firebase:** The Firebase-specific variant of scrypt. The value is expected to have 6 segments separated by the $ character and include the following information:  _hash:_ The actual Base64 hash. This can be retrieved when exporting the user from Firebase. _salt:_ The salt used to generate the above hash. Again, this is given when exporting the user. _signer key:_ The base64 encoded signer key. _salt separator:_ The base64 encoded salt separator. _rounds:_ The number of rounds the algorithm needs to run. _memory cost:_ The cost of the algorithm run  The first 2 (hash and salt) are per user and can be retrieved when exporting the user from Firebase. The other 4 values (signer key, salt separator, rounds and memory cost) are project-wide settings and can be retrieved from the project's password hash parameters.  Once you have all these, you can combine it in the following format and send this as the digest in order for Clerk to accept it:  `<hash>$<salt>$<signer key>$<salt separator>$<rounds>$<memory cost>`  **argon2i:** Algorithms in the argon2 family generate digests that encode the following information:  _version (v):_ The argon version, version 19 is assumed _memory (m):_ The memory used by the algorithm (in kibibytes) _iterations (t):_ The number of iterations to perform _parallelism (p):_ The number of threads to use  Parts are demarcated by the `$` character, with the first part identifying the algorithm variant. The middle part is a comma-separated list of the encoding options (memory, iterations, parallelism). The final part is the actual digest.  `$argon2i$v=19$m=4096,t=3,p=1$4t6CL3P7YiHBtwESXawI8Hm20zJj4cs7/4/G3c187e0$m7RQFczcKr5bIR0IIxbpO2P0tyrLjf3eUW3M3QSwnLc`  **argon2id:** See the previous algorithm for an explanation of the formatting.  For the argon2id case, the value of the algorithm in the first part of the digest is `argon2id`:  `$argon2id$v=19$m=64,t=4,p=8$Z2liZXJyaXNo$iGXEpMBTDYQ8G/71tF0qGjxRHEmR3gpGULcE93zUJVU`  If you need support for any particular hashing algorithm, [please let us know](https://clerk.com/support). | [optional]
**skip_password_checks** | Option<**bool**> | When set to `true` all password checks are skipped. It is recommended to use this method only when migrating plaintext passwords to Clerk. Upon migration the user base should be prompted to pick stronger password. | [optional]
**skip_password_requirement** | Option<**bool**> | When set to `true`, `password` is not required anymore when creating the user and can be omitted. This is useful when you are trying to create a user that doesn't have a password, in an instance that is using passwords. Please note that you cannot use this flag if password is the only way for a user to sign into your instance. | [optional]
**totp_secret** | Option<**String**> | In case TOTP is configured on the instance, you can provide the secret to enable it on the newly created user without the need to reset it. Please note that currently the supported options are: * Period: 30 seconds * Code length: 6 digits * Algorithm: SHA1 | [optional]
**backup_codes** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | If Backup Codes are configured on the instance, you can provide them to enable it on the newly created user without the need to reset them. You must provide the backup codes in plain format or the corresponding bcrypt digest. | [optional]
**public_metadata** | Option<[**serde_json::Value**](.md)> | Metadata saved on the user, that is visible to both your Frontend and Backend APIs | [optional]
**private_metadata** | Option<[**serde_json::Value**](.md)> | Metadata saved on the user, that is only visible to your Backend API | [optional]
**unsafe_metadata** | Option<[**serde_json::Value**](.md)> | Metadata saved on the user, that can be updated from both the Frontend and Backend APIs. Note: Since this data can be modified from the frontend, it is not guaranteed to be safe. | [optional]
**created_at** | Option<**String**> | A custom date/time denoting _when_ the user signed up to the application, specified in RFC3339 format (e.g. `2012-10-20T07:15:20.902Z`). | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


